What to Expect in Markets This Week: Fed Interest Rate Decision, Earnings From Microsoft, Meta, Tesla, Apple:  Terry Lane is a writer for Investopedia with 25 years of experience in journalism and communications. He covers personal finance, Congress, government regulations, and economics. A highly anticipated Fed meeting and the start ofMagnificent 7earnings highlight this week’s calendar. The Federal Reserve isn’t expected to move on interest rates at this week’s meeting. Still, market watchers will parse comments fromChair Jerome Powellamidpressure from the White Houseto lower rates. Microsoft, Meta Platforms, Tesla, and Apple are scheduled to report earnings this week, giving investors a look at theartificial intelligencetrade and the state of play at some of the world's biggest companies. Investors will also be following reports from Caterpillar, Boeing, General Motors, Visa, Mastercard, Exxon, and Chevron. We won't know until it happens: Will the Federal Reserve start the year withanother cut to interest rates? Investors will find out on Wednesday when theFederal Open Market Committeeissues its latest decision on the influential federal-funds rate. The FOMC has lowered rates at three consecutive meetings, but some officials have indicated that they wanted tosee more economic data on inflation and the labor marketbefore following up with additional cuts. Market participants have priced in a likelihood that the Fed will keep interest rates steady at the meeting after inflation data last week showed thatprices remained elevated in November. Market watchers will get a handful of additional economic data this week, including a delayed report on December wholesale inflation and an update on the U.S. trade balance. Wednesday is also when several Magnificent 7 companies are scheduled to report, with investors watching for updates from Microsoft, Meta Platforms, and Tesla. On Thursday, Mag 7 member Apple is due to report. Other noteworthy tech, auto, manufacturing, and financial firms are also slated to report financial updates. Microsoft will report amid adecline in its share priceto start the year. For Tesla,deliveries have slowed, prompting investors to look at new growth opportunities for the tech giant. The report from Facebook-parent Meta will likely provide more insight into the firm’s AI plans as it shifts away from its“metaverse” projects. AI will also likely be an important topic for Apple as its report on Thursday follows theiPhone maker’s recently announced partnershipwith fellow Mag 7 member Alphabet. Other tech firms are also likely to capture attention this week, including chipmaker Texas Instruments, chip equipment maker ASML, and tech stalwart IBM. Telecom firms AT&T and Verizon are also in the spotlight this week, while earnings from Caterpillar, Boeing, General Motors, Lockheed Martin, and steel producer Nucor could indicate the strength of the U.S. manufacturing sector. The 2026 tax filing season is here and legislative changes could change how you file your tax returns.Investopedia’s Elizabeth Guevara has more onwhat you need to know before getting started on your taxes. Brown & Brown. "Brown & Brown, Inc. announces 2025 fourth-quarter earnings release and conference call dates." W.R. Berkley. "W. R. Berkley Corporation to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Earnings on January 26, 2026." Steel Dynamics. "Steel Dynamics Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast." NextEra Energy. "NextEra Energy announces date for release of fourth-quarter and full-year 2025 financial results." Union Pacific. "Union Pacific Corporation Announces Fourth Quarter 2025 Earnings Release Date." Northrop Grumman. "Northrop Grumman Announces Date for Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2025 Financial Results and Webcast." United Parcel Service. "UPS To Release Fourth-Quarter 2025 Results On Tuesday, January 27, 2026." GE Vernova. ”GE Vernova to announce fourth quarter and full year 2025 financial results on January 28.” ServiceNow. “ServiceNow to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Financial Results on January 28.” Mastercard. “Mastercard Incorporated to Host Conference Call on Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Financial Results.” Caterpillar. “Caterpillar Inc. to Announce Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2025 Financial Results on January 29, 2026.” SAP. “SAP SE To Publish Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Financial Results on January 29, 2026.” Thermo Fisher Scientific. “Thermo Fisher Scientific to Hold Earnings Conference Call on Thursday, January 29, 2026.” Honeywell. “Honeywell to Release Fourth Quarter Financial Results and Announce 2026 Outlook During Its Investor Conference Call on Thursday, January 29.” Lockheed Martin. “Lockheed Martin Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2025 Earnings Results Webcast.” Bureau of Labor Statistics. “Revised news release dates following the 2025 lapse in appropriations.” American Express. “American Express Announces Fourth-Quarter 2025 and 2026 Earnings Conference Call Dates.” Colgate-Palmolive. “Colgate-Palmolive Webcasts 2025 Fourth Quarter & Full Year Earnings Conference Call January 30, 2026.”
Markets News, Jan. 23, 2026: Major Indexes Post Second Straight Losing Week After Mixed Session; Intel Stock Plunges; Gold Nears $5,000:  Major stock indexes finished mixed Friday to complete a second consecutive losing week, while safe-haven gold and silver futures set fresh all-time highs. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 0.6%, shedding 285 points, while the Nasdaq finished up 0.3% and the S&P 500 was fractionally higher. Yesterday, the major indexes closed sharply higher for asecond straight sessionafter President Donald Trump reduced tensions with European allies by backing off his threat of imposing new tariffs over Greenland. Despite the two-day rally, the blue-chipDow, benchmarkS&P 500, and tech-heavyNasdaqclosed lower for a second straight week, as indexes suffered their worst session since Oct. 10 on Tuesday after stock and bond markets were closed Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The S&P 500 had not posted two consecutive weeks of losses since June. Amid the volatility, investors have poured money intosafe-havengold futures, which set their latest all-time high Friday, trading up 1.4% to $4,980 an ounce at 4 p.m. ET after earlier coming within $10 of $5,000 an ounce. Silver futures also hit a record high, topping $100 an ounce for the first time and recently surging 6.5% to about $102.60 an ounce. The yield on the10-year Treasury—which impacts interest rates on a variety of consumer loans including mortgages—slipped to below 4.24% from Thursday's close below 4.25%. Bitcoin was trading at roughly $89,300, little changed on the day. The U.S. dollar index, which tracks the value of the greenback against a basket of global currencies, was 0.8% lower at 97.57.West Texas Intermediatecrude futures, the U.S. benchmark, was up 3% to $61.15 a barrel. Shares of Intel (INTC) sank 17% to pace S&P 500 and Nasdaq decliners after the chipmaker issued asoft outlookand executives warned that supplies could hit a low in the current quarter. Magnificent Seventech firms Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), and Nvidia (NVDA) led the Dow with respective advances of about 3.5%, 2%, and 1.5%. Shares of Oracle (ORCL) ended less than 1% lower following news its cloud services willhost TikTok's American user dataafter the social media company formed a joint venture to comply with an executive order signed by President Trump in September to keep it operating in the U.S. Capital One Financial(COF) stock closed down about 7.5% after it acquired credit card startup Brex for more than $5 billion. Ericsson (ERIC) shares surged nearly 9% after the Swedish maker of telecommunications equipment reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter profit, lifted its dividend, and announced a roughly $1.7 billion buyback. Investors may be tempted, after three years of double digit gains, to ditch the stock market amid this year’s bout of volatility. Jim Lacamp, senior vice president with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, is encouraging them to white knuckle it. The stock market in early 2026 can feel “really hard to stick with, because of the rapid-fire news and the rapid-fire changes in policy,” said Lacamp during aCNBCappearance on Friday. “But I would caution people about getting out of this market.” President Donald Trump’s efforts to take control ofthe Federal Reserveand Greenland have rattled stocks this year. TheS&P 500 recoveredmost of itslosses from earlier in the week, but still notched its third negative week in the last month. Lacamp urges investors to look through the noise and focus on the bigger picture. It would be “really rare,” he said, for stocks to fall into abear marketwhile interest rates are declining and earnings are rising, as is expected this year. Lacamp says the stock market’s improvingbreadthis another bullish sign for investors. For years, theMagnificent Sevenaccounted for the vast majority of the S&P 500’s return. They were “the only clean shirt in a really dirty laundry basket,” said Lacamp. “Now we’re seeing expansion everywhere. The biotechs are moving. The banks are moving. Natural resources are moving. Small caps are moving.” This week's Greenland saga presents another argument for sticking out the volatility: Trump tends to back off his threats once markets are in a tizzy. There's even a term for it—the Taco trade—and it's been a reliable strategy over the past year. Granted, there are plenty of risks in this market. Or, as Lacamp puts it: "There are a lot of fat tails on this rodeo bull." Last year’sOne Big, Beautiful Bill Actand the Trump administration’s deregulation campaign are both expected to accelerate earnings growth this year. But they could be a double-edged sword for Trump, who Lacamp warns is walking “a really narrow path” on the economy. The president wants to run the economy hot heading into the midterm elections in November, but that could keep inflation elevated and prevent the Federal Reserve from cutting rates as much as investors expect. Higher interest rates would bea double-whammyfor the stock market, weighing on corporate earnings and depressing stock valuations. Shares of Intel (INTC) plunged 17% to close at $45 Friday, giving up most of their gains in the last few weeks, after the chipmaker gave adisappointing outlookfor the current quarter. While Intel posted fourth-quarter results that topped analysts' estimates, executives warned Thursday that supply could hit a low this quarter, as the company grapples with industry-wide shortages of key components. For several Wall Street analysts, that seemed to confirm suspicions that the stock, which surged in the weeks leading up to Thursday's report, may have climbed too high, too fast. Analysts at Bank of America, Jefferies, and Wedbush suggested following the results that investors' expectations may have climbed out of touch with Intel's fundamentals leading into the report. "Ultimately, we quite like the story but the stock has gone up so much and the bull case to support further upside from here is 3-4 years away, in our view," wrote UBS analysts, who reiterated a neutral rating for the stock. Most Wall Street analysts have hesitated to recommend buying Intel shares in recent months while waiting for more evidence of the chipmaker's turnaround. While ratings are still in flux, six of the eight analysts tracked by Visible Alpha have issued "hold" recommendations, compared to just one "buy" and one "sell" rating. Their mean price target at $49 would suggest roughly 9% upside from Friday's close. Even with Friday's losses, Intel shares have gained about a fifth of their value since the start of the year. Credit-card stocks have taken a hit since President Donald Trump earlier this month vowed to cap their interest rates and, more recently, called on Congress to make hisproposal law; Shares of companies like American Express (AXP) to Visa (V) fell on the news, though they've stabilized somewhat. Capital One (COF), meanwhile, was among today's top decliners in the S&P 500 after it announced its latest earnings and a multibillion-dollar acquisition. Wall Street price targets suggest upside ranging from almost 20% to more than 80% in the next 12 months. Of the 15 analysts tracked by Visible Alpha, 11 have a buy rating, effectively a bullish stance; the service's mean target on the stock is around $281, which implies upside of almost 20%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average entered Friday in slightly positive territory for the week. It couldn't hold on to the gains. The blue-chip Dow joined the benchmark S&P 500 and tech-heavy Nasdaq in finishing lower for a second straight week after falling 0.6% today. Over the four sessions—stock and bond markets were closed Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day—the Dow ended down 0.5%, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq closed 0.4% and 0.1% lower, respectively. It was the first time since June that the S&P 500 finished consecutive weeks in the red. However, all three indexes are in positive territory for 2026, with the Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq up a respective 2.2%, 1%, and 0.4%. Artificial intelligence is once again fueling a scorching tech stock rally, but the rising tide is notably not lifting all boats. Shares of companies making memory and data storage devices soared in the first weeks of 2026, fueled by a shortage of the hardware essential to training and running AI models.Sandisk(SNDK) stock has doubled in value in less than a month, while Western Digital (WDC) and Micron (MU) have each gained more than 30%. They’ve been joined by semi caps, the firms whose products enable the design and fabrication of the chips powering the AI revolution. Lam Research Corp. (LRCX) stock was up more than 25% as of Thursday's close, followed closely behind by Applied Materials (AMAT) and KLA Corp. (KLAC), each up nearly 20%. Herb and seasoning giant McCormick & Co. (MKC) is raising prices on the consumer goods segment of its business, executives said on a conference call Thursday. The move comes just months after McCormick increased prices to help cover some of the cost of tariffs, CEO Brendan Foley said. “We have some pricing that we put in place, targeted and surgical, in 2025,” Foley said, according to a transcript made available by AlphaSense. “But we also have additional pricing to come on, beginning in February.” The Maryland-based company expects price increases to drive a greater share of growth in 2026 than it did in 2025, CFO Marcos Gabriel said on Thursday's call. McCormick hasn't fully passed along the cost of tariffs, he said. McCormick declined to comment when asked which products will cost more, and by how much. Fernando Mendoza may or may not end up taking his talents to South Beach someday. In the meantime, he's taken to LinkedIn. The star Indiana University quarterback, who recently led the Hoosiers to their first college football championship, announced on the career-oriented social platform that he was making himself available in this year's NFL draft. It was a scaled-back echo of LeBron James's 2010 "Decision," a made-for-TV event in which he said he would be joining the NBA's Miami Heat. "Let’s get to work," Mendoza wrote Friday on the Microsoft-owned (MSFT) platform, though he made similar statements elsewhere online. "My LinkedIn status is now 'Open to Work,' he said in a short video attached to the post. (As for whether he might in fact play for his hometown team in Miami, that seems unlikely at present: Some experts believe he'll be the first player selected, several picks above the Dolphins'.) Mendoza was looking for attention—and he got it. The status "hits different when paired with a Championship on your resume," read a response from the company's account. LinkedIn users—the site claims more than 1 billion—jumped into the game, with the post recently showing thousands of likes and hundreds of comments. Spot gold prices areinching toward $5,000even as U.S. stocks shrugged off escalating international tensions from earlier in the week. Other precious metals are also extending recent rallies: Silver topped $100 for the first time on Friday, while platinum prices rose above $2,700. Investors appear to be hedging against the risk thatsome unexpected eventcould make U.S. assets less attractive—even without a clear crisis in sight. Whatever the case may be, strategists are calling for gold prices to go even higher, some looking beyond the $5,000 level they have yet to clear. David Roche, a strategist at Quantum Strategy, earlier this week said haven assets will continue to shine ascentral banks show preferencefor holding gold over currencies, and a new world order is established in which the U.S. plays second fiddle. In an interview withCNBCon Thursday, Roche said gold could hit $6,000. TikTok has finally ironed out a deal giving American investors a majority stake in its U.S. business. One of them is a big name in tech. The social media platform on Thursday said it has finished the details of an agreement bringing the previously Chinese-owned app's U.S. operations under ajoint venturecontrolled by a group of American investors. Larry Ellison's Oracle (ORCL) is one of thelargest investors, along with private equity firm Silver Lake and Abu Dhabi-based MGX, each holding 15%. ByteDance is retaining a 19.9% stake. Other investors include the family office of Dell (DELL) founder Michael Dell and Revolution, Vice President J.D. Vance's former employer. Are you a federal student loan borrower between the ages of 35 and 49? Here's how your balance and repayment status compare with other borrowers your age. About 14.9 million borrowers ages 35 to 49 hold $674.9 billion instudent loandebt as of September 2025, according to the Department of Education's most recent data. This age group holds the most debt and includes the most borrowers, with borrowers ages 35 to 49 accounting for about 34% of total student loan borrowers. The average borrower in this group owes about $45,295, the second-highest average of all age groups. The S&P 500 Financials Sector was the worst performer of the 11 industries tracked by the benchmark index Friday morning, down roughly 1.2%. Capital One Financial (COF) shares were more than 5% lower, the worst individual sector component. Goldman Sachs Group (GS), Erie Indemnity (ERIE), and Corpay (CPAY) also were having poor starts to the session, down between 2% and 3% apiece. Booz Allen Hamilton Holding (BAH) is "getting its groove back" after the advanced technology company and government contractor raised its fiscal 2026 profit forecast as it reported third-quarter results, according to William Blair analysts. The McLean, Va.-based firm now sees full-year adjusted earnings per share of $5.95 to $6.15, up from its prior projection of $5.45 to $5.65. "There was risk to the full-year outlook heading into this quarter as the impact of the government shutdown was unknown, and investors were looking for any sign of strength," the analysts wrote. In Q3, Booz Allen posted adjusted EPS of $1.77, well above expectations of $1.28. Revenue of $2.62 billion came up short of the consensus estimate of $2.72 billion. Booz Allen shares were up 10% before the bell. They entered Friday down about 30% over the past year. Shares of SLM Corp. (SLM) popped 8.5% before the bell Friday, a day after the company better known as Sallie Mae reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter profit and announced a $500 buyback program. The Newark, Del.-based student loan company reported Q4 profit of $1.12 per share. Analysts surveyed by Visible Alpha had expected $0.93 per share. In addition, Sallie Mae said it was announcing a half-billion-dollar, 24-month share repurchase program, and that it had $33 million capacity remaining on its 2024 buyback program. American Airlines (AAL), Southwest Airlines (LUV), and their fellow carriers have canceled hundreds of flights ahead of a massive storm. American Airlines canceled 64 flights scheduled for Friday and 529 for Saturday, while Southwest nixed 94 today and 235 tomorrow, according to flight tracker FlightAware. The two carriers are based in the Dallas area, which has seen the most cancellations. Dallas-Fort Worth International airport, a hub for American, has 547 flights canceled for Saturday, while Dallas Love Field, where Southwest has a major presence, has 69 cancellations. Shares of American and Southwest were little changed and down about 0.5%, respectively, before the bell. The 43-day government shutdown may feel like ancient history, but it's still fouling up key economic data.The government's official reports on inflation have been both delayed and distorted by the shutdown that spanned October and part of November. That's complicating the job of Federal Reserve officialswho meet next weekto set the nation's monetary policy. Thursday's report on Personal Consumption Expenditures inflation, which normally covers December, insteadcovered only October and November,as the Bureau of Economic Analysis played catch-up. Monthly PCE reports won't get back to their regular schedule until April.The other major inflation report, the Consumer Price Index, was also affected. The Bureau of Labor Statistics skipped gathering October data entirely, since the agency could not carry out the surveys it uses to make the report. The agency also collected prices later in November than it normally would, leading some economists to speculate that holiday sales may have distorted the data. U.S. stocks, whichrallied Wednesday,extended their gainsThursday after President Donald Trump said he would not use force to take over Greenland nor impose new tariffs on a group of European nations after the U.S. and NATO reached a “framework of a future deal” on Greenland’s sovereignty. The détente revived talk on Wall Street of the TACO, or “Trump Always Chickens Out,” concept, which broadly refers to the president’s habit of threatening steep tariffs or other dramatic actions before reducing, delaying, or canceling them. This has inspired the so-calledTACO Trade, in which investors buy assets rattled by the president’s threats under the assumption they’ll eventually rebound. "TACO" entered Wall Street’s lexicon viaFinancial Timescolumnist Robert Armstrong. "The US administration does not have a very high tolerance for market and economic pressure, and will be quick to back off when tariffs cause pain,” wrote Armstrong in May as stocks rebounded fromthe carnageof “Liberation Day.” Later that month, Trump appeared to confirm Armstrong’s theory. Stocks soared on May 12 after the U.S. and China agreed toa 90-day pauseon tariffs exceeding 100%, and jumped again weeks later when Trump announceda similar pauseon tariffs targeting the EU.
Why Investors Should Stick With Stocks This Year Despite Volatility, According to This Wall Street Expert:  Colin is an Associate Editor focused on tech and financial news. He has more than three years of experience editing, proofreading, and fact-checking content on current financial events and politics. He received his M.A. in journalism from The New School and his B.A. in history and political science from McGill University. Investors may be tempted, after three years of double digit gains, to ditch the stock market amid this year’s bout of volatility. Jim Lacamp, senior vice president with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, is encouraging them to white knuckle it. The stock market in early 2026 can feel “really hard to stick with, because of the rapid-fire news and the rapid-fire changes in policy,” said Lacamp during aCNBCappearance on Friday. “But I would caution people about getting out of this market.” President Donald Trump’s efforts to take control ofthe Federal Reserveand Greenland have rattled stocks this year. TheS&P 500 recoveredmost of itslosses from earlier in the week, but still notched its third negative week in the last month. President Trump's tariff threats have repeatedly put investors on edge over the past year. Nonetheless, stocks have climbed to record highs amid the AI infrastructure boom and surprisingly resilient consumer spending. Lacamp urges investors to look through the noise and focus on the bigger picture. It would be “really rare,” he said, for stocks to fall into abear marketwhile interest rates are declining and earnings are rising, as is expected this year. Lacamp says the stock market’s improvingbreadthis another bullish sign for investors. For years, theMagnificent Sevenaccounted for the vast majority of the S&P 500’s return. They were “the only clean shirt in a really dirty laundry basket,” said Lacamp. “Now we’re seeing expansion everywhere. The biotechs are moving. The banks are moving. Natural resources are moving. Small caps are moving.” This week's Greenland saga presents another argument for sticking out the volatility: Trump tends to back off his threats once markets are in a tizzy. There's even a term for it—the Taco trade—and it's been a reliable strategy over the past year. Granted, there are plenty of risks in this market. Or, as Lacamp puts it: "There are a lot of fat tails on this rodeo bull." Last year’sOne Big, Beautiful Bill Actand the Trump administration’s deregulation campaign are both expected to accelerate earnings growth this year. But they could be a double-edged sword for Trump, who Lacamp warns is walking “a really narrow path” on the economy. The president wants to run the economy hot heading into the midterm elections in November, but that could keep inflation elevated and prevent the Federal Reserve from cutting rates as much as investors expect. Higher interest rates would bea double-whammyfor the stock market, weighing on corporate earnings and depressing stock valuations. CNBC. “Morgan Stanley’s Jim Lacamp says he ‘would caution’ people about getting out of this market.”
Haven Assets Keep On Shining. Some Experts Think Gold Prices Can Go to $6,000.:  Spot gold prices areinching toward $5,000even as U.S. stocks shrugged off escalating international tensions from earlier in the week. Other precious metals are also extending recent rallies: Silver topped $100 for the first time on Friday, while platinum prices rose above $2,700. Investors appear to be hedging against the risk thatsome unexpected eventcould make U.S. assets less attractive—even without a clear crisis in sight. Whatever the case may be, strategists are calling for gold prices to go even higher, some looking beyond the $5,000 level they have yet to clear. If gold continues to extend its rally for the rest of the year, the precious metal could become thebest-performing major asset classagain. David Roche, a strategist at Quantum Strategy, earlier this week said haven assets will continue to shine ascentral banks show preferencefor holding gold over currencies, and a new world order is established in which the U.S. plays second fiddle. In an interview withCNBCon Thursday, Roche said gold could hit $6,000. Citi commodities research strategist Kenny Hu recently raised his near-term price targets on gold to $5,000, and silver to $100—both of which have effectively proven out. He also said silver will continue to outpace gold. And Goldman Sachs on Wednesday set a year-end gold target of $5,400, citing momentum driven by "private sector diversification buyers, whose purchases hedge global policy risks and have driven the upside surprise to our price forecast." The "sell America" trade appears alive and well at the moment, but it may not last. In his note last week, Hu said the firm expects "moderating geopolitical risks" to weigh on safe haven assets, particularly gold, later in the year. One theoretical hedge hasn't done much this week. That's bitcoin, which is allegedly digital gold but hasn'tacted much like it lately. Citi. "Metal Matters: Silver to continue to outperform gold, upgrading near term gold and silver to $5,000/oz and $100/oz."
5 Things to Know Before the Stock Market Opens:  Stock futures are pointing to a slightly lower open while gold continues to hit record highs; Intel stock is sinking after the chipmaker's first-quarter forecast was softer than expected; TikTok has completed a deal that will allow it to continue operating in the U.S.; Capital One is buying a fintech startup called Brex for over $5 billion; and Amazon is reportedly planning to start another round of layoffs as early as next week after cutting 14,000 jobs in October. Here's what you need to know today. Stock futures are ticking lower this morning aftertwo straight days of solid gainsfor major indexes as the market gets set to wrap up a volatile week of trading. Major indexes have recovered most of thesteep losses posted on Tuesday, as concerns about the Trump administration's plans to acquire Greenland have subsided. Futures tied to the S&P 500 and the tech-heavy Nasdaq were down 0.1% recently, while Dow Jones Industrial Average futures slipped 0.3%. Despite the rally of the last two days, the S&P 500 enters today's session down 0.4% for the week, on pace to record its first two-week losing streak since June. Gold futuresset another recordearly this morning, rising as high as $4,970 an ounce. Crude oil futures are also moving higher, trading back above the $60 a barrel mark. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note was at 4.23% this morning, down from 4.25% at yesterday's close and a high of 4.31% on Tuesday during the flare-up of geopolitical tensions. Bitcoin is hovering around $89,000 amid a quiet few days for the cryptocurrency. The big mover in premarket trading is Intel (INTC), after the chipmakerreleased a fourth-quarter earnings report last nightthat included a softer outlook than analysts had expected. Shares were recently down 13%, putting the stock on track to give up nearly all of this week's gains. The chipmaker topped estimates for the fourth quarter, but its first-quarter projections of breakeven adjusted earnings and $11.7 billion to $12.7 billion in revenue were lower than the analyst consensus.The company said it expects its supply capabilities to be at their lowest point in the first quarter, improving over the course of the year. Shareshad gained roughly 50%since the start of the year heading into the results. Anumber of analystshad expected Intel to beat fourth-quarter estimates but said concerns about competition and supply being able to meet demand remained. After months of delays for a ban that was supposed to shut the app down in early 2025,TikTok'sU.S. operations have finally been sold. The social media company said late Thursday that it has established a joint venture between its original parent company, China-based ByteDance, and a number of investors.The new venture'sthree largest investorsare Oracle (ORCL) and private equity firms Silver Lake and Abu Dhabi-based MGX, with ByteDance retaining a 19.9% stake. Both the Biden and Trump administrations supported a law signed by Biden that would havebanned TikTokin the United States, citing national security concerns over an app whose data on millions of Americans could potentially be shared with the Chinese government. TikTokfought the ban, maintaining that it couldstore data on American users in the United States and avoid having to share it with China, but the law was passed and a sale was forced, although Trump issuedseveral executive orders delayingthe ban to allow the deal to be negotiated. Capital One Financial (COF) shares are moving lower this morning after the banking giant announced an acquisition and fell short of earnings estimates last night. The company said Thursday that it will acquire fintech startup Brex for $5.15 billion in cash and stock, with the deal expected to close in the middle of this year.The deal is the latest for Capital One, which last year completed its merger withcredit card provider Discover Financialworth more than $50 billion. The bank also reported fourth-quarter results after the closing bell Thursday, with revenue of $15.6 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $3.86.Analysts had expected $15.5 billion and $4.17, respectively, per estimates compiled by Visible Alpha. Capital One shares were down about 4% ahead of the opening bell. Amazon (AMZN) is preparing another round of layoffs just months afterannouncing plansto cut some 14,000 jobs,Reutersreported Thursday evening.Reutersreported at thetime of the October cutsthat they were likely part of a larger plan to eventually cut around 30,000 jobs, meaning the new round will likely be similar in size to the layoffs announced in October. The latest report said that the cuts could start as soon as Tuesday, citing sources familiar with the matter. Workers across Amazon Web Services, retail operations, Prime Video and human resources are reportedly among those who could be affected, though the plans could change. Anumber of tech giants have cutthousands of jobs in the last few years even as earnings have grown and stocks have soared, with some pointing to the continuously expanding costs of AI infrastructure as a likely factor. Amazon shares—which are flat over the past 12 months, significantly lagging major tech peers—were little changed in premarket trading Friday. Capital One Financial. "Capital One Reports Fourth Quarter 2025 Net Income of $2.1 Billion, or $3.26 Per Share."
Markets News, Jan. 22, 2026: Stocks Finish Higher for 2nd Straight Day on Eased Greenland Tensions; Gold Sets Fresh All-Time High:  Major stock indexes closed sharply higher for a second straight session Thursday after President Donald Trump reduced tensions with European allies by backing off his threat of imposing new tariffs over Greenland. The tech-heavyNasdaq, blue-chipDow, and benchmarkS&P 500finished up 0.9%, 0.6%, and 0.6%, respectively, with the Dow adding more than 300 points. The indexes endedup about 1.2% apieceWednesday—the day after their worst session since Oct. 10—after Trump ruled out military force in Greenland during a speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, and later wrote on his Truth Social network he "will not be imposing the Tariffs that were scheduled to go into effect on February 1st" on eight NATO allies. Thedelayed Personal Consumption Expendituresprice index datacame in as expectedwith a 0.2% month-over-month increase and a 2.8% year-over-year rise. The PCE is the Federal Reserve's favorite measure of inflation, andtheir next meeting is January 27-28. However, Thursday's report is likely to carry less weight than usual as officials decide whether to adjust the Fed's key interest rate, as the Bureau of Economic Analysis would normally release December data at this time in January. The yield on the10-year Treasury—which impacts interest rates on a variety of consumer loans including mortgages—was at 4.25% at 4 p.m. ET, little changed from Wednesday's closing level. On Tuesday, the yield hit itshighest closing level since Aug. 21at 4.30%. Safe-havengold futures soared to their latest all-time high Thursday, reaching above $4,930 an ounce. Bitcoin was trading around $89,500, down slightly on the day. The U.S. dollar index, which tracks the value of the greenback against a basket of global currencies, was 0.5% lower at 98.30.West Texas Intermediatecrude futures, the U.S. benchmark, was down more than 2% to $59.35 a barrel. Chipmaker Intel (INTC), whose shares soared nearly 12% Wednesday, reversed early losses and ticked 0.1% higher ahead of itsquarterly resultsafter the close today. All of theMagnificent Seventech firms' shares ended higher, with Meta Platforms (META) leading the way with a 5.7% advance. In post-earnings moves, shares of Abbott Laboratories (ABT), McCormick (MKC), and GE Aerospace (GE) declined more than 10%, 8%, and 7%, respectively, while Procter & Gamble (PG) rose more than 2.5%. Shares of the chipmaker slid in extended tradingThursday after Intel's (INTC) outlook missed analysts' projections. Executives in a statement warned that supplies could hit a low in the current quarter. "We expect our available supply to be at its lowest level in Q1 before improving in Q2 and beyond," CFO David Zinsner said in an evening statement, as the company contends with industry-wide supply shortages. Intel has lately warned of supply issues, but investors reacted particularly strongly to the company's description of its effect on its near-term outlook—perhaps indicating valuation concerns given the shares'recent runup. The stock, which edged higher during the regular session, was recently off more than 12% in late action. Intel said it expects breakeven adjusted earnings in the first quarter on revenue of $11.7 billion to $12.7 billion, below analysts' projections as compiled by Visible Alpha. For the fourth quarter, Intel reported adjusted earnings of 15 cents per share on revenue of $13.67 billion, above analysts' estimates. CEO Lip-Bu Tan said the results showed progress in the company's "journey to build a new Intel," as it looks to "capitalize on the vast opportunity AI presents across all of our businesses." Shares of Intel had surged in the weeks leading up to the release. They were up nearly 50% for January so far through Thursday's close amid growing optimism about Intel's AI sales. President Donald Trump on Thursday sued JPMorgan Chase and CEO Jamie Dimon (JPM) for $5 billion in state court in Miami-Dade County, Florida, alleging the banking giant closed his accounts for "political" reasons following the Jan. 6, 2021, riot by his supporters at the U.S. Capitol. The lawsuit alleges that "Plaintiffs are confident that JPMC’s unilateral decision came about as a result of political and social motivations, and JPMC’s unsubstantiated, ‘woke’ beliefs that it needed to distance itself from President Trump and his conservative political views." In a statement, JPMorgan wrote that "while we regret President Trump has sued us, we believe the suit has no merit. We respect the President’s right to sue us and our right to defend ourselves—that’s what courts are for. "Our company does not close accounts for political or religious reasons. We do close accounts because they create legal or regulatory risk for the company. We regret having to do so, but often rules and regulatory expectations lead us to do so. We have been asking both this Administration and prior administrations to change the rules and regulations that put us in this position, and we support this Administration’s efforts to prevent the weaponization of the banking sector." The Tesla (TSLA) CEO on Thursday said the company's Optimus robots will be available to the public as soon as 2027. "By the end of next year I think we'd be selling humanoid robots to the public," he said in an interview at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. "Humanoid robotics will advance very quickly." Investors are applauding the anticipated rollout of Tesla's humanoid robots, which would mean progress toward one of the performance-based targets—regarding the number of Optimus robots sold—that eventually would unlock Musk'strillion-dollar pay package. The news may also fire up anticipation ahead of the company's fourth quarter earnings report, which is expected after the market's close next week Wednesday. Shares of Tesla were recently up nearly 4% in afternoon trading. The year is off to a "very strong start, but in particular, business volumes have gotten off, and are just really compelling," United Airlines (UAL) Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Nocella said during a conference call after the carrier released its quarterly results this week, according to a transcript made available by AlphaSense. United said that corporate ticket sales are a high-single-digit percentage above where they were a year ago. Nocella said this "pretty amazing" business demand is expected to continue, factoring into the company's forecast that earnings in the first quarter will rise 37% versus last year. The increase in business travel has been playing out across the industry as companies prioritize in-person meetings, said Frank Holmes, CEO of U.S. Global Investors, Inc., an investment manager and advisor. "Business travel is coming back at a steady pace across many of the carriers," he said in an email. What if unrest in Iran leads to its government's collapse, shocking oil markets and causing a global recession? Or if China's technology companies have a major breakthrough? Or if Russia seizes territory from a member nation of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization? Or if, in that event, the U.S. U.S. refuses to come to that ally's aid? Those unexpected risks could send shockwaves through global markets and investment portfolios, analysts say, much as they did during last year'sLiberation Day-triggered downturnor this week'sGreenland tensions. So-called "black swan" events can be difficult to plan around, but geopolitical strategists have ideas for how to deal when the theoretical become real—as those from BCA Research suggested this week. It's about to get extremely cold in much of the United States, but some stocks are only getting hotter. Shares of backup power generator and energy equipment maker Generac (GNRC) have rallied over 10% this week amid worries harsh winter weather could cause power outages.Exchange-traded fundsthat track the natural gas and energy sectors have soared too, with the U.S. Natural Gas Fund (UNG) and ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Natural Gas (BOIL) popping 34% and 70%, respectively, since the week began. Other natural gas and oil producers including EQT Corp. (EQT), Expand Energy (EXE), and ExxonMobil (XOM) have also climbed in recent days despite pulling back slightly Thursday afternoon. The world is on the brink of repeating post-Cold War mistakes that widened global income inequality, according to a Wall Street chief—and it might be about to do the same with AI. More wealth was created in the decades after the Cold War than in any era before, BlackRock (BLK) CEO Larry Fink told the billionaires and heads of state gathered at Davos this week. That wealth, he said, "accrued to a far narrower share of people than any healthy society can sustain." Now AI threatens to do the same, according to Fink, leader of the massive money manager. Those in the room, he said, risked being "out of step with the moment: elites in an age of populism." The test, he said, is "whether capitalism can evolve to turn more people into owners of growth—instead of spectators watching it happen." Keeping up with the bills got harder for many households in November and October, as income failed to keep up with price increases according to a new government report.Prices as measured by the Personal Consumption Expenditures price index rose 2.8% for the year in November, up from a 2.7% annual increase in October, the Bureau of Economic Analysis said Thursday. "Core" PCE, excluding the volatile prices for food and energy, rose by the same amount both months, equal to September's levels. Meanwhile, inflation-adjusted disposable income fell 0.1% in October and then increased 0.1% in November. The savings rate fell to 3.5% in November from 4% in September, hitting its lowest level since 2022.The report showed a continuation of trends from earlier in the year, with inflation running hotter than the Federal Reserve's target of a 2% annual rate and household income struggling to keep up with costs. The reportcovered a period when the federal government was shut down, which put extra financial stress on people with government jobs and may have distorted survey results. Google has free meals, nap pods, and a nearly $4 trillion market cap. Crew Carwash has tuition reimbursement and locations in Indiana and Minnesota. And this year, the car wash won the title of America's best place to work. That's according to Glassdoor, which just released its 18th annual "Best Places to Work" list. The top two spots went to Crew Carwash, a family-owned chain with 55 locations in the Midwest, and In-N-Out Burger, which beat out firms like Alphabet (GOOGL), Nvidia Corp. (NVDA), and Apple Inc (AAPL). Both offer something rare in their industries: real career paths and benefits that rival white-collar jobs. In-N-Out creates pathways for workers to advance from cashier to corporate. Crew Carwash offers tuition reimbursement and student loan repayment, perks many would expect from Fortune 500 companies, not car washes. "Many of the 'Best Places to Work' this year are blue-collar employers," Daniel Zhao, Glassdoor's chief economist, toldInvestopedia. "These companies stand out by offering a unique opportunity for workers in sectors that often don’t prioritize the employee experience." Lemonade (LMND) stock soared for a second straight session Thursday on news it would be offering "Autonomous Car insurance, a first-of-its-kind product designed specifically for self-driving cars, starting with Tesla FSD," referring to the EV maker's Full-Service Driving software. Shares of Lemonade, which says it "delivers AI-powered renters, pet, car, homeowners, and life insurance across the US and EU," were 16% higher in early afternoon trading. The company announced the news before the bell Wednesday, and shares closed up 9% in yesterday's session. The New York-based firm said "the launch is the result of a technical collaboration with Tesla, giving Lemonade access to vehicle data that was previously unavailable." For a second straight day following promising trial results for a skin cancer treatment, Moderna (MRNA) stock is jumping. Moderna shares surged 10% to rank among the biggest S&P 500 gainers Thursday, a day after they soared 16% to pace the benchmark index. On Tuesday, the Cambridge, Mass.-based firm and Merck (MRK) announced median five-year follow-up data from the Phase 2b trial evaluating mRNA-based intismeran autogene in combination with Merck's Keytruda in patients with high-risk melanoma following complete resection. The companies said the treatment combination "continued to demonstrate sustained and clinically meaningful improvement in the study's primary endpoint, recurrence-free survival (RFS), reducing the risk of recurrence or death by 49%" versus Keytruda alone. Moderna shares have skyrocketed 85% since the start of the year. Those of Merck were down more than 1% today but are up 4% since 2026 trading began. The chipmaker is slated to report fourth-quarter results after the market closes today. The results are due after a strong run for the company's stock in recent weeks that has seen Intel (INTC) add nearly half of its value since the year began. Ashow of support from President Donald Trumpearlier this month, rumors about potential new clients, and some signs of stronger-than-expected demand for its AI products have all added togrowing optimismaround the stock. The results could bring further action in Intel's shares. Options pricing suggesting that tradersexpect shares could moveup to 9% in either direction following the results. Crypto custodian BitGo last night priced its initial public offering at $18, implying a market capitalization of around $2 billion based on estimated total shares outstanding. The company is expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange later today using the ticker "BTGO." The upsized offering—shares priced above the indicated range—is an indicator of investor enthusiasm for new listings, and matches the initial buzz around last year's crypto cohort. (Think companies like stablecoin issuer Circle (CRCL) and theWinklevoss brothers' exchange Gemini (GEMI).) That's a good sign for the conga line of companies waiting to debut this year, which includes potential mega-IPOs fromSpaceX, OpenAI, andAnthropic—some eyeing valuations that would land them in thetrillion-dollar club. Tariff rebate checks are still in the works for many Americans, and it may not be that difficult to get them approved, according to President Donald Trump. Trump said Tuesday he may not needcongressional approvalfor the proposed tariff “dividend” checks. For months, Trumphas promised a $2,000 checkto families that meet an unspecified income threshold, funded by tariffs. Experts argue that only Congress has the power to spend the revenue. “We will be able to make a very substantial dividend to the people of our country,” Trump said in a press conference. “I believe we can do that without Congress.” However, experts have doubted whether Trump is correct in his assessments of the tariff rebate check process. “The president is wrong about who has the authority to spend tariff revenue (it is Congress, not him) and about how spending tariff revenue on rebate checks would affect the national debt (it would increase it),” Erica York, vice president at the Tax Foundation, wrote on X after Trump’s press conference. GameStop (GME) stock rose yesterday after a regulatory filing revealed CEO Ryan Cohen had acquired shares. The same dynamic is at play today. Shares of thememe stockrose 3.5% in premarket trading Thursday, a day after they closed nearly 3% higher after aSecurities and Exchange Commissionfiling indicated Cohen had bought 500,000 shares at $21.11 apiece on Tuesday. A new filing indicated Cohen did the same thing yesterday, buying 500,000 shares at $21.60 each. A deadline to lower credit card interest rates passed this week without action, despite President Donald Trump's urging. Earlier this month, Trump called for a 10% cap on credit card interest rates, effective Jan. 20 and lasting one year. As of Wednesday, there were no federal laws or executive orders imposing a cap on credit card interest rates. Additionally, no credit card companies have announced that they're voluntarily reducing rates. U.S. natural gas prices soared for a second straight day yesterday as brutal Arctic cold bears down on much of the country. Futures contracts based on benchmark Henry Hub natural gas surged 29% Wednesday. So far this holiday-shortened week, U.S. natural gas prices have risen about 60%, the biggest two-day gain on record. Almost half of American households use natural gas as their primary heating source. This week's price rally reflects expected high demand for the fuel as sub-freezing temperatures loom to the end of January in a good portion of the U.S. Intel's stock has been on a tear lately, as expectations grow ahead of the chipmaker's quarterly resultsdue after the closing bell Thursday. The shares jumped nearly 12% yesterday amid abroad market rallyto close above $54 Wednesday, extending the stock's recent gains as several Wall Street analysts pointed to signs of better-than-expected demand for the company's AI products. HSBC, KeyBanc, and Wedbush told clients this week that they see Intel's (INTC) outlook and results beating consensus projections, driven by stronger-than-expected sales of its server CPUs used in data centers. KeyBanc also voiced more optimism about Intel's ability to win Apple (AAPL) as a foundry customer, aftermonths of rumorsthat the iPhone maker could become a new client. McCormick (MKC) shares sank 6% in premarket trading after the spice maker issued a soft fiscal 2026 profit projection. The Hunt Valley, Md.-based company sees adjusted earnings of $3.05 to $3.13 per share. Analysts surveyed by Visible Alpha were looking for $3.22 per share. For the fiscal 2025 fourth quarter, McCormick's adjusted EPS of $0.86 narrowly missed estimates, while its net sales of $1.85 billion slightly topped consensus. "While global trade dynamics continue to create headwinds and we are facing elevated costs for the year, we are leveraging our competitive advantages, productivity initiatives, and cost management discipline to help mitigate these pressures, sustain volume growth, and fund investments that drive long-term value creation," CEO Brendan Foley said. Anxious software investors worry that artificial intelligence is disrupting the multi-trillion dollar industry. One veteran tech investor says those concerns are misplaced. Orlando Bravo, founder and managing partner of tech-focused private equity firm Thoma Bravo, on Wednesday called the narrative that AI is going to eat software “absolutely wrong,” in an interview withCNBC. The reason: They know what the companies and industries they serve need to succeed—and are still positioned to deliver it. “The franchise value of most software companies is [their] deep domain knowledge,” Bravo said. That, he said, situates software companies at the intersection of AI capabilities and enterprise needs. “If you want to see wide adoption in the enterprise of AI, these are the companies that will do it," Bravo said. "These are the companies that hold the key.
